Anaconda is a distribution of python.
This means that it not only include python, but many libraries.


On Jupyter press "Shift + Enter" to run a cell and "Alt + Enter" to insert a cell.

Virtual environments allow you to set up virtual installations of python and libraries on your computer.
You can have multiple versions of python or libraries and easily activate or deactivate these environments.
There is a virtualenv library for normal python distributions.
Anaconda has a built-in virtual environment manager.



NUMPY:
NumPy is a Lineat Algebra Library for python, the reason it is so important for Data Science with Python is that almost all the libraries in the PyData Ecosystem reply on NumPy as one of their main building block.
NumPy is also incredibly fast, as it has bindings to C libraries.
Vectors: 1-D array
Matrices: 2-D array




PANDAS:
Pandas is an open source library built on top of NumPy.
it allows for fast analysis and data cleaning and preparation.
it excels in performance and productivity.
it also has built-in visualization features.
it can work with data from a wide variety of sources.





MATPLOTLIB:
Matplotlib is the most popular plotting library for python.
It gives you control over every aspect of a figure.
It was designed to have a similar feel to Matlab's graphical plotting.



SEABORN:
Seaborn is a statistical plotting library.
It has beautiful default styles
It also is designed to work very well with pandas dataframe objects.



PLOTY:
Plotly is an interactive visualization library.
Cufflinks connects plotly with pandas.
Before we explore these libraries you'll need to install them.
Geographical plotting is usually challenging due to the various formats the data can come in.
We can use plotly for this.
Matplotlib also has a basemap extension for this.




MACHINE LEARNING:

SUPERVISED LEARNING:
supervised learning algorithms are trained using labeled examples, such as an input where the desired output is known.

For example, a segment of text could have a category label such as:
spam vs legitimate Email
positive vs negative movie review

Supervised learning is commonly used in applications where historical data predicts likely future events.





MODEL EVALUTATION:
Accuracy is not a good method for model evaluation while the test data is imbalanced. 
Recall and precision will be better in this situation.
F1-Score is the combination(harmonic mean) of recall and precesion

Accuracy and recall is not ideal for regression problems.
RMSE(root mean squared) is generally used.
